thought I got some beer geek nation we
are looking at a formerly dead beer they
brought it back from the dead from goose
island this is the Night Stalker a
so-called hoppy Imperial Stout coming
11.5 percent this is basically the
bourbon county stout base hop to high
hell not thrown into a barrel so let me
get two seam two glasses you guys know
what smells tasty you the final verdict
on the goose island Night Stalker
alright guys would be a Roma on the
Night Stalker yeah I mean you get those
immediate imperial star characters
chocolate dark fruits coffee but there's
definitely a it's not as it's not as
intense as I remember there's definitely
a hot presence may be a little bit
orange definitely a citrus piney
character a little bit of dryness
blending with that sweetness from that
BCBS some base really really nicely it
smells a lot like a black IPA really
really nice stuff alright guys so the
taste on the goose island Night Stalker
Cheers wow yeah wow right the front of
tongue you get a huge slap of like
slight kind of piney bitterness blended
with this big kind of dark chocolate
coffee bitterness which is a really
really cool middle of the mouth huge
body on this one dark fruits huge like
sweet multi syrupy sugary kind of
goodness going on a little bit of pine
needle a little bit of like a grapefruit
maybe a little bit like a tropical fruit
in there aftertaste is really really
sweet with a nice kind of alcohol burn
to it to kind of help kind of mellow out
some of those sweet flavors really
really happy really big coffee forward
chocolate stout it's bcs it's a ton of
hops it's awesome awesome stuff
alright guys some final verdict on the
goose island Night Stalker 11.5 percent
alcohol available now get it if you can
guys going to get this one an a you know
a lot of people ask is it as good as
BCBS it's a completely different beer
it's the base beer it's got all the
qualities you want on that beer a big
chocolate big coffee huge mouth feel but
they had this like epic hoppiness to it
big grapefruit pining this but just
enough to kind of keep it all balanced
out sweetness bitterness it's all there
it's everything all in one you know is
it as great as BCBS not really but it's
just a great beer on its own definitely
definitely check it out if you guys can
get it they haven't brewed it in two
years who knows when they're going to
brew it again so getting an a for me and
remember folks life's too short drink
amazing beers Cheers